Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to create a second video like
this using the one move.
>> Okay, this is good. is this model used
to be the model and most control the one
move for the motion
billion motion control.
Okay, for this model we have to download
this lorus VI fusion and diffusion
model. You can download from here.
Okay, I already download this motor. You
can download like stuff or
you can download using the EDM internet
download manager. Press this EDM and
press okay and hit download.
Okay. After downloading this, let's add
it one by one.
Okay. This is first step. Second tab.
First step.
Let's go right here.
Okay. Where is my model? This one, two,
three,
three, four.
Okay.
Let's open our camp UI.
Let's begin the first one. Laura,
let's go to Laura
UI.
Let's search for model.
This one. Okay. And let's open Laura.
Okay. What's the name of this Laura?
Slide to V.
This one. What? Right here.
Search the second one. VI 1 2.1.
What is VI?
Okay.
P
this one. Search for create here.
Press C.
This one.
Paste it right here. And the final one.
Add diffusion modus
one one. Our
key is diffusion models.
This one right here.
Okay, I think we are done of those
models. Let's test our work.
Reload the page. Okay, I think it's it's
fine.
And let's show the workflow. Okay, all
mod is set up correctly
right here. Uh we have uh model linkage
we can download from here mod
right now
have the usual models this one Laura
clip B A and cliff
this is text encoder let's add my prompt
right here
and add our image right here okay let's
use this girl image for example simple
and let's go to charge
and add our image.
I want
Okay, great.
prompt
to move
this
character
using
one move model.
Okay, let's see what's happening right
here.
Okay, this character animation
follow the main prompt. You can add
right here.
Copy.
This is the first prompt
and uh this one is uh the negative
prompt. You can add this or you can uh
copy all of those. Let's copy it and
test it.
I think it's fine. Okay. For the length
and let's see
141 is 5 seconds I think.
Okay.
Let's see the quality. I'm scaling. It's
fine. All right.
Okay. Let's see the result by typing
gun. and see the tie.
Okay, the work is begin
to create this uh
video 8 seconds using this uh model
using this movement motion it takes
around 15 minutes. Okay, this testing
using the RTX 3060
as you can see.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
all for this tutorial. See you later on
the next tutorial.